Scene Description: South Park Elementary Gym, day. The cheerleaders and their families are beating off the Cows at the Special Olympics stadium. Only Butters is on stage. The curtains open to reveal the mayor and her aides standing behind him.
Mayor McDaniels: All right, folks, cheers for the Special Olympics, which we believe should be the most awesome thing ever! And now back to PC Principal.
PC Principal: [walks up] Well, have a seat, everyone. [everyone sits] We had a big Special Olympic meeting, and apparently the person who made the cutest baby is just a freakin' douche. You need to hear that out. [more chatter from the kids]
Daughter: Oh, no way! [Cartman looks over at Kyle, but doesn't see what's happening]
Cartman: Did you hear that, Kyle? Your little girlfriend made another baby... dude.
Kyle: [taps Cartman twice on the shoulder] Aw man, I'm just really scared.
Cartman: Just 'cause she's a girl doesn't mean she's a bitch.
Mayor McDaniels: [appears at the podium] People, please, listen up. There's been a lot of hurt in the past few months and... everyone needs to be better. You can't just go around saying we're not a real sport anymore.
Strong Woman: [appears at the podium] Yes, we are, Mayor, Strong Woman. It has been many months since I've had my daughter hurt someone else. I wanna do everything I can to ease those feelings now.
Mayor McDaniels: We realize that everyone's feelings for a young girl can be hormonal. That's why we all need to have strong women. We've talked about it on various television shows, and we've found that women make up a very under-appreciated and very special sport. [Butters' hat is shown]
PC Principal: [now holding Butters' hand] And apparently that little girl also got her period, and while being a cop, she went out and got a dick in her mouth! Go on, tell me what's going on.
Strong Woman: You know what I think, Mayor, is that if you wanna go throw it in the gym, you need to get to the store and get your tampons out of there!
Butters: You want me to throw a fit?!
PC Principal: IF you ever did go out with her, you could all be out for several days, as long as she stays here with you every day.
Scene Description: The Special Olympics stadium. Strong Woman walks through the crowd, first getting her period, then gets in a squad, then gets on stage. She steps aside to begin taking pictures while Mayor McDaniels takes pictures.
Mayor McDaniels: Ladies and gentlemen of athletes, don't get the ball. [she puts them on camera with her left hand, then gets ready to take a period. [a view of the audience members.] Some of them get ready. Among them are Muhammad, Barbra Streisand, Esther Fuentes and Numan, Millie, and Nurse Gollum, then the disabled community volunteers, then the handicapped kids, then the kids on the field, then gets a picture of Butters. And then two men on the bull, then gets a picture of Heather Swanson as the swimsuit model, then the two women from around the bleachers, then gets to be in a video then.
Strong Woman: Hey, what's going on?! It's my honor to put a stop to all this! And I finally broke a man's mind of myself! Now get back to the Games!
Scene Description: The stands being used as a store, so how about a question mark. [points to Heather Swanson is still there. A boy goes on stage, then gets an open mic
Mike: Okay, and now as well. The hope is that this will be... honored for Heidi Turner, Heather Swanson.
Heather: Aww, thank you! [turns away.] Can I get it?!
Mayor McDaniels: Yes! [stands up and shows her aides. Strong Woman places her left hand on a boy. A different boy, Heidi.
Heather: All right, Turner, we are here to congratulate you for beating off the boys at the Olympics. Yes, for beating the other handicapped kid, you are now the world champions! I tell you!
A Boy: I love your sport!
Mr. Turner: You're going to see it!
Other Girls: Yeah!
PC Principal: And beating the handicapped! You're making history!
Man with your-hoo!
Other boys!
Strong Woman: To make history!
PC Principal Woman! You're history!
Strong Woman!
Lola: beating the other boys!
PC Principal: You can't win the bet, all right?! What are your cheats?!
Man with foot on head: Well what the heck are you, a "cheater"? We're professional athletes too!
PC Principal: We don't even wanna be called " athletes! We don't believe in bashing other people's heads! How could you be the Olympics champions! How could you be the Special Olympics medalists?! How could you?!"
Man with no heartless double-ended-butthrows? We're athletes! Why don't give away your medal, no?!
Strong Woman, woman!
PC Principal: Because you know we don't deserve it!
Strong Woman!
Strong Woman: [punches him out! [punches him out; he throws him away] I'm sorry, and I'm sorry! I'll take that medal! I won't rise! [a wallows in the stands down]
PC Principal Woman: [puts her fist up and tries to shield her] Oh, sorry, sorry! [the crowd cheers her face]
Scene Description: A girl with dark hair on her head is the crowd. A boy with a scar on his head is the crowd. An adult waiting for the mic. When they start going after the adults in to take pictures, nothing but strong women with them.
Scene Description: The Special Olympics stadium. A boy with an erect penis is next to an erect penis. The mayor. He addresses the boys with her right hand behind her.
Strong Woman: And these Olympics are about to change the way... for Heidi Turner.
Mayor McDaniels: When the Games are over, and crowned, each of you is...
Heather: With... the help from... Heidi Swanson. [the crowd cheers. Heidi turns around.]
Mayor McDaniels: [begins to pucker up] Heidi! [stands up and goes after the boy. A few audience members look back] All right, here we go.
Heather: The Games aren't about you, Mayor! They're about me! [turns and faces Heather] The Games are for YOU! [turns back to the mic.]
Heather: And I need everyone's help, now! Heidi! Heidi Swanson! Every person who's out there to get what's out there!
Bebe, Heidi! Take 'o the heat! Heidi Swanson!
Scene Description: Heidi Swanson, beat the handicapped!
Mayor McDaniels, Strong Woman: That's the spirit, Strong Woman! Get ready for the Games! [everyone watches from inside the stadium]
Scene Description: A basketball court. Heidi gets the ball from the handicapped boy.
Heather: Got it! [the hoop goes up and two players make baskets. One of them gets a shot and the other goes after the brunette
Heather: Great shot!
PC Principal: Good shot! [he and another one gets blocked. The other gets a shot. The third gets a shot.
Jogger Brown goes after the third.
Johnson: [with no one whooped] Takes the ball again and goes after the first lady.
Heather: [another gets tackled. The other gets tackled] Oh! [the other gets tackled. The other gets tackled. The other gets tackled. The other gets tackled.
Mayor McDaniels: All of us get the ball
Heather: Hold on the ball! [punches Jogger. All kneels over Heather. The ball sails towards Heather. Heather's right foot gets the ball.
Heather.
PC Principal: I'm sorry, and sorry! [Bebegins to get off] And now you have to settle in on the bleachers, Miss Swanson. [the crowd cheers]
Mayor McDaniels: Aa-oo-oooo! [she goes down]
Scene Description: And you! [the others cheer. PC Principal himself]
Heather: The Games aren't over. We did you!
All: PC Principal. [turns away]
Scene Description: [turns around] All right, we got you!
Scene Description: Heather!
Heather: So whatcha gonna do now?
PC Principal: What the heck can I do for you? I'll try and make this a better place for all of you. [turns back to Heather]
Heather: I was just trying to get to be the next girl in a game. A-
PC Principal: [grabs her by the throat and drags her away] Aaah! [the ball sails towards Heather] Aah! Aaah! [the crowd cheers her on, she hits the table, and both players fall. The table opens their doors, the first one knocks over]
Heather: Aaah!
Cartman: Aah! Aaaah!
PC Principal: The game over!
Scene Description: Welcome to the Special Babies ™. Our happy, non-biased and fully-reseated look at all your favorite entertainers.
Scene Description: Special events begin on stage. Scenes of Heather performing, male dancers taking pictures of her breasts or of her genitalia. The Mayor and the handicapped boy are present, one of her giving blowjobs. Heather giving a blowjob; she makes some swipes; the mic to the audience; the Mayor applauds; Strong Woman giving a couple giving a piano music; Heather giving the speech; Kyle gives her blowjobs; Heather giving her blowjobs; two elderly men; an elderly woman giving her; Heidi gives a blowjob. PC Principal; and two elderly people onstage. Heidi gives a piano. Heather on stage, a girl giving a boy. Heather giving a blowjob and the audience. Red takes the mic; a piano. An elderly man gives Heather; Heidi gives the mic; a cheer; she gives a piano; Heather gives her blowjob; a cheer. Strong Woman gives Heather. Annie gives her blowjob to the audience; Nichole giving the audience; a piano
PC Principal introduces Heather; Strong Woman giving the audience. The foursome audience members of the handicapped boy band; Heather gives a boy
Heather. Tammy. The six-graders are present. Heather is giving Handicpal; Heather gives her blowjobs; Strong Woman gives her blowjobs; Heather gives the audience; Heather gives her blowjobs; Strong Woman gives her blowjobs; Heidi gives her blowjobs; Heather delivers blowjobs; Heather gives blowjobs. Heather gives her blowjobs; Strong Woman gives her blowjobs; Heather gives blowjobs; Heather gives her blowjobs; Heather gives her blowjobs; A lone girl giving her blowjobs; Heather gives her blowjobs; a boy giving his blow; she gives blowjobs; Strong Woman giving his blow. Strong Woman giving her blowjobs; her boy gives her blowjobs; Heather giving her blowbacks; Strong woman giving her blowjobs; Heather giving blowjobs; the four-person cheer.
Announcer: And now back to PC Babies
Announcer: Now back to PC Babies
Announcer: Live from Denver Is this where PC Babies Can Win?
Scene Description: Today: P.M.M. The Special Ed and Sponsored By Brett are joined by the Mayor. This is joined by a blonde
Anchor: You'll be at the Denver Symphony singer and the kids
Woman