Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. Mr. Garrison's class. The bell rings and Cartman answers
Cartman: Well guys, your project teacher has been sent from the states to a secret location. [shows him a map behind which sits a sign: POISON PIE-FREAKER. Cartman looks to his right, across the hall, and looks all around]
Cartman: You don't get away with it, asshole!
Scene Description: The secret location. Cartman walks into the classroom
Cartman: It's okay, that's all of it. We just need to find some chalkboard used for the chalkboard. [he takes the chalkboard and goes to the chalkboard, erasing it. In some cases, he'll have to be reminded of what he said about suicide on the board, and then have Eric tell us the names of the people who actually did it.
Cartman: Oh, I'm so freaking serious right now!
Scene Description: Cartman walks off to his right and puts his chalkboard aside. The class is in silence.
Cartman: Why were you sent to Alamosa just to have a little talk with Mrs. Alamosa?
Class: Who?
Cartman: [gets annoyed when the other guys laugh] It wasn't because she was suicidal or anything, we... just really need to do our homework.
Class: Awww.
Scene Description: The school cafeteria, lunch day. Clyde, Kyle, Stan, Tweek, and Craig are in seats in the front row, and Kenny plays with a toy frog. Token is helping him out
Token: You're my boy, Clyde. I told you a superhero game is a joke.
Stan: It's a joke, dude! [Token walks away, telling the class...] The key thing to a superhero franchise is teamwork. You need to instill the superhero spirit of the female body with her ninja sense and her deadly smile.
Kyle: No way. She's gonna grow up doing nothing.
Stan: [thinks about what to do next] Guys, guys. I don't know about this anymore, but maybe I should reconsider. This is a really good idea.
Cartman: Why would Mrs. Alamosa use a joke on me?
Kyle: Because she might get called a turd, and everyone will be all like "Dude, she's actually a fucking turd!" [a bunch of girls are heard over the loudspeakers] Why?
Cartman: Because she's gonna get called a turd because you're a turd! And it's all a bunch of... turds...
Ms. Alamosa: [flanked by two girls, then at her locker] Turds!! [Kyle turns on the spotlight again]
Scene Description: The school cafeteria, lunch break. The camera tracks a student walking by. The girl walks by slowly looking back at the boys. Moments later, she enters and is overwhelmed by the changes she sees. While walking, she's miffed at her breasts, her eyes glaze over, her butt cheeks darker than usual, her hat a mess. She walks away happily while the other boys around her are scared and confused.
Scene Description: The school cafeteria, lunch. The cafeteria kitchen, living room, is shown. The two girls sit at the center of the table. Tweek carries a bowl with something on it. Kyle picks up a bowl off the floor and drops it into the bowl, then returns to his seat opposite Kyle. Kyle picks up the next bowl he's gotten from the cafeteria the day before. A black-and-white photo of Heidi Turner is shown, with a camera on the front. Kyle looks at that photo, then picks up the one from the lunch he was sent from earlier. Kyle picks up the photo he took of Heidi Turner and, and the photo he took of Cartman is also shown while Kyle looks at the photo. Moments later, Cartman is shown running along to class.
Class: AWWWW! [Kyle gets up at the school cafeteria entrance, closes the doors, and runs alongside the others. His hair falls over his head.]
Scene Description: The school cafeteria, lunch. The bell rings seven a.m., and at Happy Burger, Wendy serves up her meals, getting one plate of chips and two plates of fries. Bebe notices and turns around. She gets a bite of her burger, and a plate of hers, too.
Bebe: Who needs more burgers anyway?! Nobody gives a shit!
Wendy: I know. I just...I'm tired.
Bebe: I can't stay up in front of everybody. How do you get to school?
Wendy: I...it's not like the cafeteria's for you guys. I mean, really?
Wendy: Screw that, I guess, bitch.
Bebe: It's not like you have some kind of mental condition or anything.
Wendy: That's not true! The school cafeteria isn't for you. [starts to take out a wad of paper she's holding] I'm not a genius!
Butters: Huhuh uh... Oh, uh hey Wendy. [Wendy turns around and walks off in anger]Wendy, what the hell are you doing?!
Wendy: Don't say anything, Butters! Heidi Turner is gonna get pissed off!
Butters: Huh well...
Wendy: [gets angry; she throws up her arms at him] I am not a genius!
Butters: Yeah, I'm just trying to look at a picture. [stops] That makes sense.
Wendy: I can't, ugh. Look at the guy [turns away angrily] at the picture of Cartman, who's having a motherfuckin' motherfuckin' day!
Butters: [holds out his arms] You are so full of crap, Wendy.
Wendy: No, Butters, I'm not fucking you! Nobody would do that! [heads for the door]
Butters: Wendy, what's going on?!
Wendy: It's... it's your fault.
Butters: Aw, uh... What?! [turns and walks away]
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. Cartman runs down the hallway towards his locker. Butters walks down the hall
Cartman: [throws up his arms, puts his arms on them, and runs forward] You guys, you guys! Come on, you guys! [puts his arm on his right hand, then walks to the top of the stairs and locks it with it.] What happened?! [Butters approaches him] You lost your wallet, Cartman?!
Cartman: Kyle. [Stan walks up to him] Butters, you lost your wallet. [Butters looks up at him and sees Stan doing as well...]
Kyle: What??
Stan: You can't take my credit card!
Cartman: No no, dude, all you have to do is have your stuff taken care of! And Token isn't taking care of it. I mean, seriously, we need to move on!
Kyle: Who the hell cares?! [suddenly looks to the left and sees Stan doing as well]
Stan: He's my dad, alright?!
Kyle: [whips out his "biceps"] No, dude, if you don't take care of your stuff Kyle, I'm gonna be fired! [Cartman pulls a gun out of nowhere]
Stan: [to Cartman] I'm not taking care of it, it's all okay.
Cartman: No, you can't! But I was trying to be like you! You... had a great time, Kyle!
Kyle: I... really didn't.. have... a... good time.
Cartman: Yeah dude, I just felt bad for you.
Kyle: We all need the guidance of... Token. He's your dad?
Cartman: [firmly, softly] That's right, Kyle. I think if we all follow him, you'll see we can all have a normal life, [lowers the gun] and then, someday... [lowers his right arm] be happy being who we are.
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. The bell rings and Butters leads a couple of students in on the steps talking to Token.
Token: Oh boy! Oh boy! Hello!
Cartman: Butters, we should give you a call.
Butters: Oh hey Jimbo. [they smile and go into the hall]
Cartman: Jimbo, what the hell's at thiiis for today? So uh, we're uh sure you got a good workout today.
Jimbo: Sure, I'll betcha.
Cartman: [exasperated] What?
Jimbo: You're the one that should be able to walk around you, and tell you the most important thing to never say to anyone.
Cartman: So, I'm not gonna apologize, Jimbo, I won't! [snaps his fingers. Jimbo turns and walks away] Don't let him intimidate you!
Jimbo: Well, now, for my next trick? [Cartman reaches over and hands him a phone.]
Cartman: It's the only phone I have now. Do you have one?
Jimbo: Yes, I'm sorry, Eric, but we need at least one of your boyfriends.
Cartman: Oh, God on earth! [hugs him and walks away]
Scene Description: The Bijou, day. The classes are there, and Mr. Adler walks by with a box of calls.
Cartman: [at his desk] Yes, hello? [Cartman reaches into the box of calls and reads... "Scheduled for 8 a.m., 7 a.m., 8:00 a.m., Tuesday"]
Topher: Mr. Cartman.
Cartman: Yes, I was very wined down last night at the gym.
Topher: Can I talk to you for a second?
Cartman: [turns and walks to the box] But I have an emergency phone call from my friend Randy. [Cartman takes the receiver from him to Randy's desk and sits on it.]
Randy: [jumps up and stands behind him and at the end of the hall] Sorry, but the gym is not open until 7 a.m., so I need to get this phone on a stand right away.
Cartman: [sighs heavily and puts the receiver away] Okay.
Scene Description: A plane departs, and Randy sends away the rest of the passengers
Cartman: Hey!
Randy: That's him. That's my "calling buddy from Utah!" guy! [Cartman gets in his face]
Cartman: That's real funny.
