Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day, Mrs. Garrison's class. Ms. Garrison enters the classroom.
Ms. Garrison: Okay, so you're all here today because maybe we all need to learn a skill so we can better understand the Asian cultures. I know that just like in all of Asia, the only way for somebody to make an Asian girl smile is to go out with a man. Okay, we need a rule of thumb there, because some Asian girls like to fingerbang...
Stan: [enters the classroom] Guys? Guys!
Kyle: [interrupting] I forgot to tell you this. All I wanted to know is we were playing basketball together, you know?
Stan: I didn't.
Ms. Garrison: [gets mad] Kyle, no, I've been talking to you. [stares at her] I realize it was you, Kyle, who made me think it's okay to fingerbang.
Kyle: [gets mad] What?
Ms. Garrison: Kyle, you have a disability! You're an asshole, not me!
Stan: [stares at her] Shut up, dude! [his parents arrive]
Randy: Yes?
Carol: They said that if you take a retarded step [picks the blackboard out] you can fingerbang every two seconds until three seconds of your retarded self-assassured self-assured self-assured self-assure is satisfied with you.
Ms. Garrison: [alarmed] Oh, God damn it, this is ridiculous! [turns around] Do I really need this crap?
Stephen: Okay, you're serious. You made yourself think your own bullshit is okay if you are just being nice.
Michael: [picks up the blackboard again] Oh, that's fine. You're just making fun of somebody else's disability as if you can just magically make other people smile.
Kyle: Noo, I'm a monkey.
Randy: It's not that, because in fact we all have the ability to make other people smile, but we just can't make other people smile. All the time.
Sharon: Well, you... you're not supposed to make fun of a handicapped person unless it is a joke.
Kyle: Yes I do!
Sharon: Well, all right. [shuts her eyes and takes the blackboard back...]
Scene Description: The Marsh kitchen. Randy is wiping away his tears. Sharon comes in and stands next to him - Shelly.
Sharon: What the?! Where did you get that from?! Where had you heard about that?!
Randy: [takes his hat back and turns around] Oh. [takes off his head mask] Huh?
Shelly: I think it's good there's somethin' I missed.
Randy: Oh? It's a funny prank call?
Sharon: I had no idea. [begins to cry] I... I guess you should all come home. We just had a hard time at work...
Randy: Uh-o-kay. [gets into the kitchen and breaks the fridge, breaking the glass. Sharon walks over and removes his jacket] Ohh, hi Mom.
Sharon: What's goin' on?!
Randy: [returns] Mom, we're gonna do a little volunteer role-playing!
Sharon: Oh, really?!
Scene Description: The Marshes are having dinner at the Broflovski house. Marshes go in their own kitchen
Randy: Uh, Stan, are you all right?
Stan: [breathlessly] It's fine, Dad. I'm fine.
Randy: Whataya got?
Stan: We're gonna volunteer with Chef at the bus stop.
Randy: Oh yeah!
Scene Description: Stan's house, day. Sharon sits on the sofa listening to Randy talk on the phone
Randy: Uh huh, boys. We're just gonna get a bunch of volunteer work done by Stan and Kenny.
Stan: Yeah, why not?
Randy: Well, because now, you know, we all have kind of special needs. [picks up a phone] Uh okay, boys? Let's talk over- [a woman walks in]
Sharon: Oh. Uh, hello, Mr. and Mrs. Broflovski.
Mr. Broflovski: Hello?
Randy: Oh, yes, I know!
Mr. Broflovski: Young man, please, please stop-
Randy: [puts his hands up to comfort him] Thank you, Mr. and Mrs. Broflovski. I was hoping that you'd know that you're interested in helping the homeless.
Randy: But they're not homeless. They're volunteers.
Mr. Broflovski: They're just kids we're getting our work done, Mr. and Mrs. Broflovski.
Randy: They're just volunteers.
Mr. Broflovski: Do you know what volunteers are?! You can't quit your job because you're homeless or Homeless! I'm homeless!
Randy: Oh. Well, can't you see that you won't be out drinking your beer, or selling drugs, or something?
Mr. Broflovski: [rises and walks to his front door, grinning] You know what I'm sayin'? Yeah. Fuckin'! Fuckin'! Fuckin'!!
Scene Description: Stan's house, outside. The men are gathered in the living room in a circle watching Randy talk on the phone
Stan: Dad, we need to work on these kids.
Randy: Okay, listen to me. If the homeless can't go to the bus stop, then I have to do whatever they want, okay? If they can't go to the bus stop, then we have to do whatever seems more necessary. [walks out of the circle]
Both Men: Awwww! Okay. Yeah! Yeah! [they smile]
Randy: So what, Stan? Would you like to work at a clothing store for a dollar? [Stan sighs and moves off to the front]
Stan: Yeah, I'd like to join the Stations of the Cross. [Randy begins his sermon]
Randy: A young man called Stan Marsh was right when he said that homeless people should be treated the same as drinking alcohol or drugs!
Man 2: A lot of things in this world are wrong.
Randy: There's no evidence to suggest that the homeless should be treated the same; that there's no proof that they should be! There's no scientific proof to suggest that they should be! The homeless are dying!
Man 2: That's right. They've got to die to save everyone.
Randy: So what we all do as a community is find a way to give them money... for whatever they want. Like clothes. Let's try to give these nice clothes to the homeless. Let's give them clothes to drive them home. [Randy walks over to a pair of underwear and opens the pair, which are green. He puts the pair into an old pair of pants and prays] We will give these clothes to the homeless first as a way of trying to send them money to the hungry houses where they feed on the leaves. We will then take them to a clothing store and give them clothes that they can buy themselves. And we will feed the homeless with them. [two homeless men at the store look at each other]
Randy: We are all to blame, Sharon. [grabs the underwear and pours some glue onto the ground, then puts it over Stan's right eye. Stan's eye soon turns white] If you give these clothes to the hungry, it means that you give them money to feed the homeless to the homeless! Let's give these clothes to them; that's the way it works. [Randy walks over to a pair of underwear and prays] We will give these clothes to the homeless first and then we will drink and drive them into homeless shelters, which then they will live in until they are no more!
Man 2: That's right!
Randy: We all have to accept that... that's the homeless's way to go!
Skeeter: [steps forward] Look, our community needs clothes. We just, we don't need to see the homeless drink and drive them!
Randy: Oh no. Fuck you Skeeter!
Scene Description: Cartman's house, after school. Timmy, on the phone with Liane, has called again
Liane: Thanks for calling, hon. [she answers] Hello, I'm calling about a missing person camp in Colorado and I'm hearing that many have reported seeing people with... no recollection of seeing Christ.
Cartman: [somber voice] Oh, Jesus. That didn't work either. How come every time I hear about what happened to the homeless, it's like a rerouting nightmare?
Liane: [pause and covers his face] He is totally different from, he was a homeless man who wanted to be loved.
Cartman: Mom, do you have any idea how you've affected my friends in school?
Liane: Well, I really do understand.
Cartman: You know, I really think people with no recollection have learned how to deal with their families, but I think Eric would have liked... what I was hearing. I want to apologize for calling and telling you this.
Liane: Eric! What?!
Scene Description: A bus stop, day. Kyle sits on it waiting to be picked up. The other kids are there trying to get Cartman's attention[music begins to play]
Cartman: [enters] Hello! [Stan sits by the side of the bus with Kyle] Stan, I'm trying to know what happened to Jimmy.
Stan: [sighs, then] I don't know.
Kyle: Dude, you seem really bummed out about this, dude.
Cartman: [takes a seat between Token, Clyde, and Jimmy] Yeah? Yeah, I want to focus on how we use the toilet and not on how we use the bathroom.
Stan: Well, the toilet is awesome. It makes your poop smell like shit, but without it, shit has no life. Inhales, spills - it's super important. The only way I can be positive and not bummin' on people is to put toilet seatbelts into plastic bags.
Kyle: Can you please pull the chains off it?
Cartman: I think it's time to get to the root of all this, Stan. Come, Kenny, I don't want to be here.
Kyle: I know, but we still have to make choices in life, Stan.
Kenny: (That's all I know.)
Kyle: Come on, Kenny. Let