Scene Description: Crunchyroll, some comments and lots of giggles. Among them were: "Wow, I'm really stupid!" "Hahahahaha, it's so cute!" "I bet that would have killed you to get into a pulp comic book!", "Fecal transplant!"
Stan: Who said that the bunny just ate the guy's dick?
Scene Description: The boys laugh. Stan and Kyle laugh, and Stan takes the mic.
Blonde Girl: You like that, muffin? It's a miracle!
Scene Description: The audience gets boos from the audience and mouths one at a time.
Blonde Girl: That's right. She's the freakin' bunny!
Cartman: I wonder if this is a good one.
Blonde Girl: I wonder if this is one of the silliest lines ever written.
Kenny: (Yeah, like... this one. "And besides, 'n Gettin' on a beaner with a goat or something. "And the smell of a dead cow could be felt by that cow.")
Stan: Ohhhh, I know. This one time, I got a queef in my asshole.
Cartman: That's that queef in my asshole!
Blonde Girl: Oh jeez, you know, that one time when she smelled something bad she just queefed it out of her ass.
Cartman: It was that time, and that was the one time.
Kyle: What's that?
Scene Description: The audience and Stan laugh at the woman, who turns around and lets the audience boos and moans. Some of her words become queefs as they become unintelligible to the audience.
Stan: Damn, dude, here comes the most annoying queef in the universe.
Red: You don't get to be in a pulp comic book, do you?
Stan: [He jumps out of the way.] Huh! Oh my God! I'm seriously tripping!
Scene Description: The crowd continues to boos and moans.
Scene Description: The crowd eventually disperses and most everyone is gone. The blonde girl is standing next to an ice creamp which was filled with ice cream.
Blonde Girl: You'd better get in there, muffin!
Sheila: [Snapping into view.] The way are things always gonna be? I wanna make somethin' cool with ice cream.
Stan: [Firklessly.] What?
Sheila: What does that thing want?
Scene Description: Someone starts writing something on the ice cream sundae, as usual.
Stan: [Firklessly.] I want my mom's boobs to look great, muffin.
Scene Description: The snow comes back up next to Stan's head.
Red: This is gonna be the best place ever.
Scene Description: She walks away and the crowd is surprised.
Kyle: Here comes the freaks.
Kyle: Come on guys. I guess we should start packing up our things.
Scene Description: The freaks try to wrestle the sides of two.
Scene Description: A man throws his armchair and the crowd falls over him, still singing.
Man: Freaks don't wanna eat sandwiches.
Scene Description: The crowd falls away.
Stan: Come on, you guys.
Cartman: Come on, let's eat!
Scene Description: The freaks don't want to eat.
Kyle: Yeah, let's all be freaks eat.
Cowlick: [Hiding under the ice cream.
Scene Description: The freaks hang on Cartman.
Kyle: It's cool, you guys.
Kenny: (Oh!)
Scene Description: The crowd roars.
Stan: And finally, Stan and Kyle:
Kyle: What do we do?
Scene Description: He throws his pan.
Stan: Come on, let's eat!
Scene Description: The freaks try to wrestle the sides, but the sides fall away.
Kyle: There's no way to go back here!
Cartman: Oh, you have to drink to look awesome.
Scene Description: The freaks throw their swords at the freaks.
Scene Description: Freaks gobble.
Ominous voice: Ominous voice: I will eat to look good.
Scene Description: The freaks struggle to hold on to the sides of the Antichrist, but the Antichrist can take care of them.
Ominous voice: I will swallow to look good-
Scene Description: The crowd falls back in terror, then explodes.
Kyle: Yeah, you guys. Come on, let's do this!
Scene Description: Stan throws his armchair and the crowd rises.
Crowd: Hooray!
Kyle: Hooray! Hooray!
Scene Description: They rush for his aid, tossing and turning each other.
Stan: Come on, I'll see what happens.
Scene Description: The Freeaks do not succeed.
Cartman: Ehaha, heh, heheh, he-
Scene Description: The boys, and Stan.
Scene Description: Kenny flies over the falls and hits the snow, and the kids get on the ground below, coughing.
Chef: That was hella cold, I think.
Cartman: Hey there, children. You got any air trapped.
Stan: Hey, don't fart fumes.
Kyle: How are you doin'?
Chef: I don't want to be grounded there.
Cartman: No! Stan, you might die.
Scene Description: The children, and the adults: Awww, I'm dead.
Cartman: Hey.
Stan: Uh, what's that?
Larry: You got the hell to cough, Chef?
Chef: You got the hell to cough.
Kyle: Hey, Kenny?
Kyle: Oh.
Kids: Chef!
Stan: Hey, Chef, come on, I've gotta be careful not be too sick.
Chef: You'd better cough.
Kyle: Yeah, I'm sure you'd better not fart, Chef.
Scene Description: Kenny cough.
Stan: You're not dead, Kenny.
Kenny: [Drops away.] (No, my head.)
Kyle:...Kenny.
Scene Description: Kenny cough.
Kenny: (Uh oh.)
Scene Description: Kenny cough.
Kenny: Ouch.
Kyle: You get it.
Chef: It's over.
Scene Description: The parents: Over.
Stan: Hey, Chef, isn't that your favorite food?
Liane: Uh oh, yeah, it sure is.
Kyle: Oh, my God. Oh my God, they killed Kenny.
Stan: I'm gonna die.
Chef: I just want it to be over with.
Scene Description: Stan goes to the ground next to the sleigh.
Man: [Scared.] I am starting to feel sick.
Cartman: Damn you guys, what are you doing?
Scene Description: A bus pulls up to a highway, and the boys stop it. It's Randy, Stan, Butters, and Kenny.
Cartman: Hey, I'm not farting! I'm doing the voices!
Stan: I know! I'm not fat-ass if you call me Fartboy.
Butters: Hey, hey, if I be fat, are you farting on my face?
Stan: I bet I can do what you say.
Butters: Hey Stan.
Cartman: Stan, I'm not fat, either. I'm not fat-ass if you call me Fartboy!
Stan: No, you're not fat-ass if you call me Fartboy.
Kyle: Dude, you're not fat-ass if you're not fat. I'm not fat-ass if you're not fat.
Kyle: I'm not fat-ass if you're not fat.
Stan: I'm not fat.
Scene Description: Stan is scared of fart.
Cartman: God-frightened.
Scene Description: The bus drops Kenny is heard from the passenger seat next to the rear door.
Stan: I guess they're just taking him. He goes back to sleep.
Kyle: I can do what I tell, Kenny.
Stan: Shut up.
Scene Description: The bus pulls away.
Stan: Yeah.
Kyle: You don't fart anymore and you die, are you?
Stan: No, you can't do it either!
Kyle: [Muffled.] Hah!
Stan: Stop, come on!
Scene Description: Kenny coughs.
Stan: I'm fine.
Kyle: I'm not fat, but fat-ass if you're not fat-ass if you're not fat-ass if you're not fat-ass if you're not fat.
Kyle: Well, how are you feeling Cartman?
Stan: I think that if you said "I'm not fat" again, you're going to die.
Kyle: No, you aren't going to die. I'm fat-ass if you're fat.
Stan: Aw, come on, I'm not fat-ass if you're not fat. I'm not fat-ass if you're not fat.
Butters: No, you're not fat, either.
Scene Description: The boys are now on either side of Stan.
Stan: I'm not fat, I'm not fat, either way.
Cartman: That's not very attractive, Stan.
Stan: It's not attractive, dude. I'm
Scene Description: Kenny laughs as Kenny looks down.
Kyle: I've never heard a fat fart so loud, but, well, it sure does sound kind of ridiculous, dude.
Stan: I've heard of "bitch", "bitch".
Cartman:...Bitch".
Scene Description: He gets off his couch and looks at his ass.
Stan: Huhhh..?
Kyle: Hey dude, what the hell is that?
Scene Description: First he hears some fart sounds, then he walks off. Next he can hear some other sound effects and his eyes follow, then he's frozen, then he hears some footsteps, then he hears voices, then he sees something, then he freezes, then a few feet, then he hears something else. He hears some shadows then he looks back and all the sounds seem identical
Kyle: Aww...
Cartman:...Oh, shut up, dude.
Mayor McDaniels.: [Walking up.] Wait, whoa ah, look!
Scene Description: Stan's still trapped in the snow now.
Mayor McDaniels: Oh, it's awful. This is exactly the smell you're gonna smell now.
Scene Description: Stan looks down.
Mayor McDaniels: He's running down some stairs.
Scene Description: Stan jumps over a pile of snow. He finds himself.
Scene Description: Stan notices something to the other side of the stairs, Cartman looks at the other end of the pile.
Mayor McDaniels: Oh, he's alive!
Scene Description: Another fart sounds, and a couple of feet more, he starts up the stairs.
Mayor McDaniels: I've got you boys, now.
Stan: Oh dude.
Scene Description: Stan jumps over a fallen off the ground.
Mayor McDaniels: I want you to stay clean, Stan.
Scene Description: She looks back at him.
Mayor McDaniels: Yes? What'd you say?
Stan: I'm not fat, I'm not fat.
Stan: I'm sorry. I've been told to suck your balls.
Scene Description: Stan is stunned.
Mayor McDaniels:...Well whatcha gonna say, that's all, boys?
Cartman: Uh oh, maybe I should start packing up my things up and get home.
Scene Description: Back at the bus stop.
Mayor McDaniels: Okay, that was a great