Scene Description: A river, day. A small boat pulls up to the surface of the Colorado Turnpike
Cartman: I can't wait for the bike parade this Saturday. I'm almost in the green. If I get on that bike, I'll try to make the bike parade as fun as they can! [moves his ass aside as the boat moves to a stop in front of the boat. As the bike goes by a boy wearing orange jumps out of the boat and away from the other kids]
Kid: Hi, kid.
Kyle: Hey look. We still have some work to do.
Cartman: Alright, that certainly is it, Kyle. You know what I told you? People will never drive hybrids and nobody's gonna buy them. You need to understand that hybrids are the future, Kyle. Their electric cars are electric cars. And everyone knows that hybrids are making your windshield wipers squeaky. I'm warning you: do not let hybrids go to your windshield. Your entire family is going to go hybrid.
Kyle: Hey dude. I'm not talking about hybrid cars, I'm talking about people who care about their environment.
Cartman: That's right, Kyle. I'm sorry that I'm so outnumbered that I can't make the 50 miles to Nebraska. Please, help me. [puts his arm on his left shoulder]
Kyle: Don't listen to my stupid motherfucking fat ass! [Cartman stops and begins to weep] My mommy will never understand. [sighs, then starts to hug his mom tightly]
Cartman: No, Kyle, stop cryin', honey! [sits up, and cries all the while] No! No, wait! I said okay! [sighs until his mom is gone, and he hangs up]
Scene Description: an old gas station. A senior looks at the new gas station sign
Old Folks: Welcome, ma'am.
Cartman: God-dammit, that sign isn't as neat as the old one! [the old sign is shown, and the older one shows that the sign is the same as the current one, except that they changed a few words in the sign] Oh, I see! That sign is changed! I see it! [the new sign is shown: "GEMORY PROJECTION ONLY" The old sign is again shown. Cartman continues to cry, and slowly reaches his bed]
 Description: on Nebraska. A train blows up as the boys approach the station, but the station itself is replaced by a giant gas station. Stan, Kyle, and Kenny walk along it.
Cartman: Oh nooo no! [the station itself has a long history, dating back over fifty years]
Stan: We're in Nebraska?
Cartman: No. [they all look around and get off their bikes, but turn back once they reach the gas station]
Stan: What does that mean?
Cartman: It means, it means we got busted.
Kyle: How?
Cartman: They're just people who got busted for marijuana. [they enter the gas station behind the station] That's it. No more driving.
Scene Description: South Park, next day. A bus pulls up and Cartman stands next to it. Stan and Kyle walk down a side sidewalk, then go home.
Kyle: How was school today?
Cartman: Bad. Everything's worse outside. [Stan and Kyle stop walking and look at each other. Cartman walks up to his locker] Well, looks like my old pal Kenny spent most of his time in jail for selling marijuana. [places a note behind his locker] Thanks for visitin', Kenny. [Stan and Kyle look back at him, then walk away.] Now Kenny? [leans over and gives a thumbs up.] Whoa, thanks for visiting, Stan.
Stan: But you have to drive. We'll have to wait outside and see what you got there.
Cartman: Oh, okay. Then go. [they move off to their next destination]
Stan: Dude, you can't wait outside forever.
Scene Description: South Park. Back at the bus stop, Stan passes by, in front of which a tour bus stops
Kyle: Uh I guess we're gonna have to wait outside all along. [behind him Stan looks angrily out over the area with dread]
Stan: Dude, this isn't where we're supposed to be.
Kyle: [moves over to the other side of the bus] Guess we just have to wait until the bus is back up. [smiles]
Scene Description: South Park. The bus arrives at South Park Elementary. Cartman and Butters have just arrived
Cartman: [glaring at Butters through the closed locker] Aahahahaha, man, I was so close to having you arrested, Butters! I almost couldn't believe how you treated little Kenny! I seriously thought you were all a bunch of dicks, but actually, I'm pretty cool. That's kinda cool.
Kyle: Aw dude, come on, Butters. You just had to leave!
Cartman: Yeah, I know how you feel, Kyle, right?
Kyle: Dude, Butters just walks away like anything you guys.
Cartman: Maybe Kenny will turn gay someday, but I have a hard time being Kenny. He's totally fine with it.
Kyle: How do you feel?
Cartman: Kenny's a dick, Kyle! I just feel so completely rejected and rejected by you that I want to kick your ass now!
Kyle: [smacks him] Get up, fatass! [Kenny sits up]
Cartman: I'll see you on Monday! We're gonna watch you on the playground and pretend you beat up Kenny for lunch, then we'll take the bus to see your friend again, then I'll be goin' for a big party at Bennigan's 'cause! I know!
Kyle: [rolls up to Cartman] Cartman just thinks he looks supercool to you guys, Butters!
Cartman: Fine! [Kyle gets up] I'm not gonna kick your ass and invite you tomorrow here, but I'll pretend to beat you up right when you're home!
Kyle: Why, look, I have a friend who is Jewish and who lives in Fairplay, Colorado. [the phone rings] Yes?
Cartman: So I need to talk to somebody who also happens to be Jewish. We could try to have a talk, but first we really have to understand who Kenny is.
Kyle: Well then what are we gonna do, Eric?
Cartman: Well, first we just have to find a way to not let Kenny get hurt again.
Kyle: Hey dude, do you really think that, Cartman? And you, too?
Cartman: Yes I do. But... I can't help feeling like you need to be... [grabs his phone] to be honest with me. I wish for all my friends and my family to be treated the same way I am. I still wanna go out with my friends and maybe try this, but I know it's not a happy place. People are really mean, really mean, and I don't want that.
Kyle: Okay, now, maybe we just need to let Cartman know we're working on it... [grabs his phone and rushes out of the house] oh! [pushes a door onto the back porch]
Stan: [returns] Okay.
Kyle: Thanks, Cartman! [turns around] Yeah, let's go play with Marvin tomorrow. [hands the door to Stan]
Scene Description: Kenny McCormick residence, kitchen. The family eats. A knock is heard at the door and Randy answers.
Randy: Hey Kenny, uh... what's going on? My name is Randy Marsh. I came to try and help the poor. So, I came to help the poor. Is there any direct links to this? Are there any direct links to Stan?
Kenny: [looks around] (Yeah, dude.)
Randy: Do you live in Fairplay, Colorado?
Kenny: (Yeah, dude.)
Randy: Who built you up?
Kenny: (Kyle did.)
Randy: Hey kid, this is my friend Kenny McCormick. I'm your friend. Uh, can I talk to you on a minute?
Kenny: (Sure.)
Randy: What? Well, you are a foster dad, and my wife's a foster, so you're a step-parent to her.
Kenny: (Yeahhh.)
Randy: Oh, really, Kenny? You'd better be studying. Your friends are saying you like skateboarding, too.
Kenny: (Yeah, dude.)
Randy: I'm not going to hang out with any of your friends. I'll make them stick with you and keep you friends. Okay?
Kenny: (What if I don't bring a skateboard?)
Randy: [miffed, turns around] You're right, Kenny. Maybe, maybe you should call them the Cotswolds boys.
Kenny: (Yes. Yeah, I'm sure they would. You're a step-parent to her.)
Randy: Who cares? Just a bunch of conformists who think everything is gonna be okay and we'll just have one little bit of sunshine here.
Kenny: (Yeah, I'd give anything for that.) [Sharon passes him by, walks by, and she stops and turns back]
Sharon: Hey, did your foster dad ever do anything to you?
Randy: No, he's just[turns around and walks away silently] Agh! Oh oh.
Scene Description: South Park Elementary cafeteria. Kids are eating lunch as the fourth graders come out of bed.
Cartman: You're all gonna love it, Wendy.
Wendy: It's awesome! Now I can laugh my ass off at the rest of the world!
Ms. Choksondik: So, you know that we're all just like this other time.
Stan: So what kind of bullies are they?
Ms. Choksondik: Oh! I think all the fourth grade students are like this. [to the boys] All these fourth graders, go to their respective houses to have lunch with Wendy.
Stan: Awww.
Ms. Choksondik: [walks up to the boys] Boys, we need some help getting this over with.
Kyle: Hey. Did Stan take the vaccines?
Stan: [thinks] Yes. We forgot about that, Ms. Choksondik. They told us to get the vaccines.
Ms. Choksondik: No, I'm afraid they forgot they made a deal, and now they're all gonna kill you.
Stan: N