Stan: You know what, Kyle? You know what everyone always say? Do you think it's because I'm black?!
Kenny: (Yes!)
Kyle: It isn't because I'm Black! I'm not even black. Heh... it's just because the movie is supposed to be about gay people. I was just thinking of somethin', and then I started listening to it all night because I didn't get it.
Stan: I just don't know if they ever said "Oh God, they did it," or if people felt betrayed at all by it. But there's definitely something out there that they're all in on. It's the people themselves that they're watching right now.
Scene Description: Stan's house, night. Stan and Kyle run in while Kenny and Kyle check on the TV...
Kyle: Dude, look at me! I'm starting to feel terrible! How can I still feel awful?
Stan: It's not like there's not even one person who might be the only person who will still feel pretty bad.
Kyle: Yeah? But... you know where the most horrible people would be? The people who would be dead! [Kenny's window falls open and he looks around]
Stan: That's what people are talking about.
Scene Description: The neighborhood, the streets. Mr. Mackey walks up to Stan and Clyde and puts his arms outstretched.
Mr. Garrison: Stanley, can I have your attention please?
Stan: Uhno...
Mr. Mackey: Huh-Mr. Garrison?
Stan: Yes. Mr. Mackey, I just need to catch your eye. I... hate this movie, and I think it's really disgusting.
Mr. Mackey:...Oh. Uh I can't take it anymore, you know?
Stan: I'm sorry, Mr. Mackey.
Mr. Mackey: Uh, I... sure is. Thank you for coming. Here, I've... written you the title now.
Scene Description: City Hall, Mayor's office. The Mayor is in her office.
Mr. Garrison: What happened to black people?
Scene Description: Garrison's office, a little higher than usual. Garrison sits there for a moment, his arms spread out flatly as he speaks, with his arms crossed.
Mayor McDaniels: [Randy enters with a huge box of papers. She has all sorts of papers in her hands.]
Randy: The new school board president has called for changes and a ban on certain films.
Gerald: That must be quite shocking to be true.
Randy: Who is this? [Randy looks a bit confused] You know the law was repealed by the governor? [Randy sees him and thinks of something] Allowed to play in the same summer season, with the same plot twist every few months.
Gerald: Well, we believe it is because it's the law. We think the governor might have repealed this law, but... well who can tell me what changed?
Scene Description: The Governor's office. The Governor and the public schools are still in the dark about a movie?
Gerald: Well I'm afraid you have to give me those changes!
Randy: Yes. Right, you see, the governor had been talking to Mr. Mackey about why films are banned in the summer season, and so he repealed it like all else, and so then-
Gerald: I didn't want his stupid change to happen so that there could now be no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no-no.
Randy: Right. I mean uh, when the governor decided to get rid of that entire thing he made it great, so we'd be damned dead to know what people were thinking! But now he's going to die! Is there a way out of this?
Gerald: Uh I don't know what you mean, but uh... how? You can't be dead to know what is good and which has the perfect purpose. Uh-I mean, how?
Randy: Well, I've got one of your new students telling me I should just... give up and not give up!
Gerald: [steps forward] Uh-why?
Randy: Uh, okay, you know, I'm all right, then. I've got three friends, and I don't give up. No matter how hard I try to get in, those people are never gonna show up in my new class.
Gerald: I'm not doing anything! I'm getting all the movies banned by these new school board members. I'm sick of it every single day.
Randy: But that's all right, you see, when I'm the new school board president, it... becomes my right to say anything.
Gerald: Uh-oh, come on, you can't be president! I'm not. You know, I actually have a better idea about what I think we should do with this new kid than anything. I'm gonna do whatever I can to get that kid in his new class, even though that makes him look bad.
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. Principal Victoria stands in class while the class sits and starts studying. PC Principal is busy talking.
PC Principal: What's this all about, students? [walks up and stands next to me] Hey there, boys. Are you ready?
Token: Yeah?
PC Principal: Yeah? [whips out his clipboard and signs it]
Heidi: [from her room] Hey, did you have any notes for the new students?
Cartman: Yeah, I didn't-
PC Principal: [walks up and stands next to Heidi] How are everyone doing in here today?
Heidi: Well it's fine, we've just taken things just right. [walks up to the main desk] Well, we did all sorts of things over at the school yesterday, and my new vice principal called and started some fire pits in the schools. So now everyone is taking notes. And she's gonna be the new vice principal, so I need your approval?
Female vice principal: Not my approval.
Cartman: Well then she's gonna kick it out.
Female vice principal: Yeah. I'll do it!
Cartman: Well, the vice principal told me they have a better idea!
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, next day. As the other kids listen in, a teacher raises the student flag. Cartman looks at the flag, and he looks back over her shoulder at the whiteboard. She looks back, and the flag is finally gone.
Token: Hey that old thing you said was funny?
Cartman: [takes his paper and reads it] Oh, hi jeez, that wasn't funny I was just doing that stupid old joke. [writes the words in his board] Hey, what, that's what I'm doin', dudes! [Cartman looks at the flag, then moves off. He turns away and leaves his seat. The other vice principal places the note on the desk and reads it. She reads it] Good. See it tomorrow, guys. Wendy and Bebe are making an announcement to get their old pal Jim Toms on the bullcrap throne. You'll see them take a look at that new vice principal, Wendy Testaburger. She's got a little high-alertness.
Female vice principal: Yeah? Well Ms. Cartman, the vice principal's new vice principal is going to be the new vice principal. [the girls don't look up]
Token: But Wendy said that she likes it.
Wendy: Now, if you were putting in a, uh- [Token jumps up her vagina] Wendy. [Kyle drops her chair her books on the floor]
Kyle: It's not funny anymore to Wendy and Bebe anymore.
Wendy: Okay, listen: if she was saying she didn't like it, she was saying she wasn't saying it at all. Oh, Shelly's an ass.
Female vice principal: [begins to cheer] Oh gosh, that's great!
Wendy: Yeah! She's an ass too! [she giggles with a smattering of laughter]
Cartman: Well, it's not funny anymore [Wendy reaches over his desk and whispers] She's an ass!
W: Yeah, you said she likes it.
Kyle: She's an ass that she's a whore!
Wendy: Yes, but she's not a whore! She doesn't need to have sex with men all the time! Just take that!
Scene Description: Token's house. Token sits the phone, taking notes.
Cartman: [enters] Hey guys! Welcome to Token's house, Token. Can I talk to you about your little penis problem?
Token: I just wanted to talk to Token about my penis problem. You're the head of your penis fetish organization?
Cartman: What's a penis fetish?
Token: It's not about just getting a hook on somebody's face and having sex with them.
Cartman: So, that's okay if you're not having sex with them?
Token: No way. I said no.
Cartman: Alright, you understand, Token, but... isn't that all I do? What I do is tell people what they would do if I told them what I do on the job? We have to tell people that what I do online can be harmful.
Token: [enters] Shut the fuck up! We have to tell people what
Cartman: What about you? What's wrong with you?! You just want that kind of attention?
Token: What just? Because if I went online and, and put a video of a kid raping a girl, I would get trolled and then everyone would go "Oh shit!" and I'd got everyone saying "Oh shit!" and I'd get trolled and people would think it was my fault.
Cartman: Yeah, we'd get the right people say that "Oh shit," and they'd get trolled and it would not be- Oh shit.
Token: Yeah, that's right. It's right, dude. If people would just tell each other where I went, 'Oh shit', then everyone would be- Trolled.
Cartman: Yeah, I think if I went into a big porno that was totally cool. I might have fun. But seriously, if I wouldn't tell her I was having sex with men... [lifts up his left hand] he'd be like, a total jock.
Token: [turns away and backs up to his room] So you know what that is, right Token? For the past few days, I've been having this little problem where I'll