Stan: Oh, this is sweet. Just look in the mirror. [Kyle rises and goes to the mirror's base, smiling] How long did you last?
Kyle: Six...
Stan: Uheh, seven years.
Kyle: Hah, heh. But... but I don't think I've gotten to last... long enough to be on the Disney sidelines.
Stan: Uhhh, what if you're not on the Disney sidelines?
Kyle: Well... I mean, you haven't even been to my birthday party yet.
Stan: What birthday party?
Kyle: Well- that's between- [pounds his desk with both fists] Six and a half.
Stan: Okay, you can't do that!
Kyle: I'm not saying I don't have the stomach for a birthday party!
Stan: Okay, you can't do that either!
Kyle: I can't do that either!
Stan: I know what you mean, Kyle. I mean, if you're gonna die for your sins and get resurrurected in five years, and do what you've always dreamt of doin' - that's who I can and can't do.
Kyle: [walks back up to Stan] Stan... [Stan draws closer, and Kyle holds him] Stan! Wake up, Stan! Wake up, Dad!
Stan: Ah man, I I can't. But I'm gonna get on the bus, ah know what, and do what I can.
Scene Description: Disneyland, day. Mickey Mouse is back on stage and the kids are getting ready to leave for the ride home
Mickey: [voice over.] Leave my island, you bunch of conformists! I'm going home! Where are you taking me?! Where am I?! [a large inflatable Scout comes up over the little platform, then floats in towards Mickey] You think the end is ahead of you, don't you?! You think you're not leading me somewhere because you're bored and you're depressed?! [the little inflatable Scout stops and gets restless as well] That's life livin' on an island by the dozen! But when I'm not on the bus, Mommy and Daddy get home and I gotta work on my business! [moments later he's back in top condition with the IV unit in hand] Haaaah! [a new image of himself and a new destination appear above him. He's in a wheeled Sea Shepherd cargo van, looking pretty sick. He's strapped down to the back and wakes up]
Cartman: [in the Captain's quarters] Captain! Captain, what is it, Captain?
Captain: I'm stuck with the Mickey Mouse.
Kids: Aaaaaaa!
Cartman: I can't go anywhere without him! I'm starving! I can't go to Stan's?! I can't go to Bambi!
Butters: [in a booth, suffers for his food] Eric Cartman, can you say that again?
Cartman: I want a piece of crap! Eric, get back on!
Butters: Me too.
Cartman: No! Don't try this again! Not this time!
Butters: Eric!
Cartman: No!
Butters: Eric!
Cartman: [turns around, face up, and faces Butters] Butters, I don't want crap on any of your Disney rides, okay?! It's the end of the world! [Butters reaches down for a drink, but just looks at him. He looks at his drink, then looks again] Alright, I will not drink from your shirazzin' up and comin' my crap.
Butters: Eric, you're the captain of the Sea Shepherd!
Cartman: Just take it easy. Go ahead.
Bambi: Come on, Eric! It's getting dark!
Butters: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Scene Description: The park, about 7:00 p.m. The three boys exit the park and head for the tetherball pole.
Cartman: Come on, let's go!
Kyle: Let's see what kind of crap we can catch!
Stan: [at the long end of the line] All right, let's catch that!
Cartman: [behind some bushes lining the other end of the line] Yes. Come on, Come on.
Chef: [on a stump] Come on, get the hell out of here!
Stan: Wait!
Chef: Come on, let's get out of here!
Kyle: [steps forward] Yeah! I know exactly what you're talking about! [Stan and Kyle shove him away]
Chef: Come on, this isn't supposed to work!
Cartman: Oh my God, isn't it?! [lowers the pole and farts fire]
Chef: Oh! Oh God! [louder] Well, we've gotta hurry and find a towel hyah! [lowers the pole and farts fire, setting it in motion]
Stan: Come on! Come on!! Come on!!
Chef: You sons of bitches!! I'm going home! [walks off in a huff]
Scene Description: Cartman's house, some minutes later. He's at his computer workhoppin'
Cartman: Goddammit, I have to do this stupid thing again, you assholes! [picks up his controller and presses Play. He clicks on the game] I'm about to hit the new post-it notes with my finger, and my thumb will be normal again, but now it will be deformed, for the rest of my life. [the screen goes black] Eh. Eh stop playing, you sons of bitches! [picks up his game] Your game is over! Congratulations, you've won the game.
Stan: You did?
Cartman: Yes! Congratulations! [presses Play again and his game is over - it's finally over as he points at the screen again]
Scene Description: Channel 10 Breaking News.
Anchor Tom: Several hours ago, two little boys in Colorado have come to the realization that their game over is not their own. They're the newest video game.
Cartman: Goddamnit, what are we allowed to own?! Aghhhh, not a game, I just figured.
Anchor Tom: We've tried playing Xbox, but we've never been happy with the levels of brutality and violence.
Kyle: I think we're just supposed to play it like a children's game!
Cartman: Yup.
Kyle: It just so happens, because all three of us are from Colorado. And we were all in the first place winning that first video game on Xbox! We have nothing on us, and that's why we had to come up with an idea.
Scene Description: Three Feathers Casino, night. It's 7:35 p.m. The boys' room is shown from a long hallway.
Bill, Stephen, Pete, and Stuart are back, playing their controllers.
Dickinson: Heheh, I remember that bitches.
Poe: Shut up, you assholes!
Dickinson: What? [the boys enter]
Bebe: Inside the casino they have levels, they have animals, they have computers that run really cool games.
Anchor Tom: Welcome, gentlemen, you must be the newest gaming group that joined Dice Studz. Is that correct?
DeterminedMan 3: Yeah, we bought the last version of the game, and it ran okay.
DeterminedMan 4: Alright, we're new to this game.
Anchor Tom: You were the leader of the "Gruff Edition."
DeterminedMan 5: We played it on the PC, and it ran okay.
Kyle: Dude, what makes the "Gruff Edition" run so good?
Stan: Uhh, it looks like we're playing it from the ground up.
Scene Description: A mansion, day. The boys' room is a bit more than the first one had, so the camera looks at it from the road.
Cartman: This is fuckin' bullcrap! We spent two weeks perfecting this game and we still just can't-!
Scene Description: A room. The boys' parents are in bed and Sheila rattles the door. The door opens and the parents turn to face the boys
Gerald: [looking at Sharon] Boys, my name is Rita Poon. I'm your father. You're feeling a little sick?
Sharon: Oho, good news! Now that you've figured out how to play a freemium game, your mom is out celebrating in the town square on Saturday.
Randy: You guys aren't excited. What are you planning?
Stan: We have no idea.
Linda: It's a combination of genetic, hormonal, and environmental influences. Maybe it's best you play it together.
Stan: Mom, I wanna be a king Canadian in a new Canadian city.
Sharon: Yeah? Well how gay are you guys?
The Boys: [pause] Samesh.
Gerald: Oh good. [turns to his boys] Well you want to play it, aren't you?
The Boys: Yes.
Man: [seated alone playing the game on a lawn] Wwuh what else are we supposed to do, huh? [his wife bangs on the door]
Cartman: Mom?
Linda: Why, I have five dollars, please.
Kyle: We spent it and we're nine!
Anchor Tom: Well Now all that's left to play is to go out into the city square against some other team. Get ready to rock!
Scene Description: Canada, day. In the city square, a big party is taking place
Announcer: And now, the thrilling conclusion of the new Canadian Xbox game, with all-new graphics, a giant party, and, oh, you know, a giant party as well.
The Boys: Yaaaaah!
Stephen Abootman: And finally, the giant party of course.
Kyle: What? Why?
Stephen Abootman: Well, it's all about our new home-run mode. We've got four tickets to see it; you'll find the first one on Black Friday to your left.
Announcer: See where Black Friday gets you in seven-hour Black Friday?
The Boys: Aaahh!
Randy: Oh God. [leaves the game]
The Boys: Aaahh!
Randy: See you Saturday, Canada. Bye, Canada.
Stan: [walks off with the ticket] We don't know what your secret will be.
Kyle: Yeah, you know what? We'll just play that freemium game