Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. Stan and Wendy walk in the hallway.
Wendy: Come on, Stan, you've gotta go find those Middle Park High students.
Stan: [looking tired and sitting on his bed, with his eyes rolling back and forth] Okay, they're studying again.
Wendy: Yeah, but you know, when the new girl moved here, she told me that her father wanted to marry Kyle.
Stan: And that's why he wanted to take Kyle to see his new girlfriend.
Wendy: So Stan?
Stan: So she said, and she said, "you know Kyle isn't Japanese, so your family doesn't speak English. So I think maybe you should switch."
Wendy: Why would she say that?
Stan: So Stan, I say, "switch"? Of course you have to say "Switch"!
Wendy: Why?
Stan: 'Cause, um... you know how when someone's being sent to love a Japanese woman, the person they put in the box, gets looked up, and they keep looking up. But then, just like that, Kyle is sent to love with somebody else.
Wendy: Oh, this is so awesome! We have to put our pride aside and do this stuff right now! Oh, come on! [the girls turn and leave]
Stan: We can go to the temple!
Scene Description: The temple. The new girl is seated on a lectern facing two statues. A bronze one has the words "love the way it feels" replaced by a more archaic one: "So cute!" A bronze Buddha statue with a picture of a cow's testicles in its mouth is made of the same thing as the current one. A traditional Jewish prayer rug with a picture of Jesus Christ on it is made...
Stan: [after a few moments of silence] Are you serious? Can you imagine being the one to replace the current one?
Wendy: [approaches a plaque next to the wall] Here's the one I wrote about Jesus the way before we moved to New York. [hands her a portrait]
Stan: What??
Wendy: [puts her hands over her heart] Look over here. [hands her a picture back]
Stan: [walks up to a plaque next to the wall] All he did was read a book. [hands her the book]
Wendy: I'm seriously, you guys. I think that's pretty impressive.
Stan: We're not moving here until we have Jesus and Jesus's back.
Wendy: Sounds divine!
Kyle: Dude, they've got their guy!
Stan: They could've found somebody that knows Jesus! There's gotta be somebody who knows Jesus!
Cartman: Jesus, huh! They could've found somebody who knows Jesus! Now! [the others gather and begin to clamor outside the building. A few moments later Kenny breaks through]
Kenny: (Hey, you guys, my dad's trying to find me a job!) [the statue-face guy reaches down and grabs him by the scarf and tosses him towards the building's back wall] (Teacher, you go down!) [the statue-face guy turns around and walks away]
Cartman: Goddammit!
Scene Description: South Park Square, front steps, next morning. There's a stop at Shitty Wok and in line for people to pick up stuff. Another line has Jesus in a Buddha Box. Stan and Wendy walk into line to take the shopping box. Cartman carries a large box, Kyle rings the bell.
Scene Description: Inside the store, Jesus comes out dressed in a Buddha Box.
Jesus: This can't be good. I have to find another job. [brings out a bicycle, sets it down, sets it on its base, and returns it to Jesus. Moments later, he dons his Buddha Box and struts into the store]
Uncle Joe: [standing in line for the boys] Jesus, how are you doing today?
Jesus: Yeah, I feel like everything's turning out okay. Nobody's calling. I'm... on Oprah. [looks over to the audience]
Randy: Jesus, what are you doing?
Jesus: [walks in] Well, Oprah's really making me reflect on my work and... try to break the stereotypes.
Stan: Dude, it's the Buddha Box. I thought you never got one.
Jesus: You think I took it out upon my first try, didn't you, Stanley?
Stan: But what took it out upon my first try?
Jesus: I just, s-spank your ass.
Randy: He'll answer for you.
Jesus: Stanley, what do you want?
Stan: Who are you?
Jesus: Just hurry up! I'm taking the long bus to the new bookie in town! [rushes away to catch up with the others]
Scene Description: Raisins, night. Inside, Raisins has everything the young men need - hot tub, station wagon, two pizzas - hot tub, three order of saimmee, double cheeseburgers... a full crew of nine waitresses, all ready for service
Cashier: [a waiter] Sir?
Jesus: Just let me get the drive and I'll get you back in the mood. Thanks for calling me, Jesus.
Cashier: [steps back and points at Jesus] You're looking fine.
Jesus: Thank you. [leaves, but stays in his face]
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, morning. Mrs. Garrison is at her locker.
Mrs. Garrison: Alright, kids, time for class has finally come. Eric Cartman?
Cartman: [turns around] Oh hey Mrs. Garrison.
Mrs. Garrison: [angry] Whose idea was it to come back to school with me to class? My little brother ran out turds.
Cartman: [a bit gruff] Why won't anybody talk to me, Godforsaken?!
Mrs. Garrison: All right kids, I know you've all been trying to become friends with your teacher. All I can say is you're glad we can live together and not fight over it. Trust me, I've been in this town a long time. I've lost these, because of those bullying kids at school. [turns around to face them] I've lost faith that teacher really wants me to get a shot at a comeback. [turns around] But it's time to let this happen again.
Kenny: (And I think that if I could go downstairs and go see a movie, where I can see the teacher without getting my shot-] (That would be so much for me. To hear him say that, well, I seriously feel bad for him now. It hurts.)
Mrs. Garrison: Well, all right, Eric. Time for you to come back to school with me tomorrow!
Cartman: [wondering]...Okay. [walks off]
Scene Description: Raisins, moments later. City Hall is meeting this and already there. The framed shot is quite colorful now - Jesus' house, Jesus' den, a nice fountain...
Mayor McDaniels: And so you see, Mr. Garrison, you really can't just fire off a shot at a teacher to no avail. You might as well go home and get a new one.
Garrison: [suddenly remembers] Uh hey, townspeople!
Mrs. Garrison: Hello, how are you today?
Mr. Garrison: Oh, fine! How are you?!
Mayo: Garrison! No!
Mr. Garrison: Hey, you did give me a nice fountain?! What's the matter, Mayo?
Mayo: I just took a crap upstairs from the master bedroom. It's... pretty shitty.
Scene Description: Stan's bedroom, later. A knock is on the door, but Mr. Garrison opens it.
Mr. Garrison: Woh, hello. Stanley, could you come in?
Stan: How are you today?
Mr. Garrison: Mr. Marsh, this is my room. I need to take a vase and have some fun with your art.
Stan: Dude, nobody wants this.
Mr. Garrison: Well, you know what, Stanley, I already did it. [Stan looks down] I sold my art and went on a trip in the name of honor to raise money to hire the school principal.
Stan: Cool.
Ms. Ellen: Stanley, you signed this lovely new law!
Stan: Cool, thanks.
Ms. Ellen: Now, Stanley, I understand that you are in a position to legally change your mind.
Stan: But I-
Mr. Garrison: What? You mean to actually do something. What do you mean if this is for higher than me to become the new school principal?
Stan: [looks at Mr. Garrison for a reaction] I-
Mr. Garrison: Oh, well, you see, Stanley, it's- it's not like that! I mean, you can't change your mind about this, are you not?
Stan: [looks back at Mr. Garrison] Oh for the love of Jesus, I'm gonna sign this gay little book here.
Scene Description: Kyle's house, day. Decorations for the day begin.
Bouncer: [a man with his wife sweeps the snow off the street across the street] There we go! Today is the day the South Park School Administration changed its rule! All the schools in the town are now religious-based!
Mayor: [coming down the stairs with Dog Poo on her lap] It's been three days! And I'm still angry than I ever was!
Bouncer: The town hasrepeated that they've been trying to keep it the same! That's why the Mayor is here today asking your permission to modify the school calendar! [nothing happens.]
Kyle: [the mayor appears behind him] Mayor, can I talk to you?
Mayor: Well, Kyle, I guess you can just sit in here and let me tell you some difficult stuff.
Kyle: Okay. [goes to her desk] Sincerely yours, Rod.
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, kindergarten. The teacher reaches for some glue and smender and paints her lips well. The door opens and an angry Cartman enters
Cartman: Excuse me.
Mrs. Garrison: Hello, children.
Cartman: Excuse me, teacher, why don't you just admit that there are some things that I shouldn't-?
Mrs. Garrison: Oh, Eric, you like your books!
Cartman: They're different! They're not dogpaints! I shouldn't be making that much money to pay for them!
Mrs. Garrison: