Scene Description: Denver International Airport. A crowd begins to gather inside
Butler: Welcome To Denver International Airport. We are looking for a four-year long list of Airport Hilton Airportes.
Scene Description: An intercom buzzer lets them out and lets them in
Cartman: Three tickets to Denver International. It's 4 o'clock.
Scene Description: Inside a little office in an office somewhere...
Cartman: Kyle Broflovski, will you please tell Kyle to come and talk to me about rocket ships?
Kyle: No, I need a lawyer.
Cartman: Well, alright, Kyle. Maybe you should go to the University of Colorado. Or you could go to Cartman International.
Kyle: Cartman, I'm not a rocket ship.
Scene Description: A plane takes off
Butler: But you've got to tell us how to board a rocket ship. We have all kinds of big problems, but remember, there's a war going on out there, and nobody wants to be the first to know. So we've put together four tickets, all for you.
Cartman: No! I, I need to tell you something, Kyle. I hate snakes.
Kyle: No you don't!
Cartman: All right, what's the most horrible thing you can say on a rocket ship, Kyle? You know, like, "Godspell" or something?
Kyle: I hate snakes.
Scene Description: A black screen appears in which a graphic of a snake is on the launch pad
Kyle: Do you know what "Nurse Gollum" means?
Dr. Adams: Where in the world has that scroll become? It's the cause of death, Kyle. You see, snakes are very dangerous because they spew their semen all over the planet.
Kyle: Oh...
Dr. Adams: Sometimes the semen lands on people who are infected with SARS.
Kyle: So I have to wear a suit so that I can get SARS!
Dr. Adams: Well uh, let's get back to the weather. Are we ready to go?
Scene Description: Day, a weather vane is put up at the northwest corner of the Airport. A couple sits at a table looking at one picture of Earth
Bum: Yes, I do, Ms. Hilton. I take the picture. [The man takes it and leafs through it]
Woman: Oh my God. Our baby is in a bowl.
Cartman: [Cartman imitates, claps his hands together] Eheh, exactly.
Bum: When you eat too many porksticks, your sardicures get infected.
Cartman: Yeah, Ms. Hilton, I'm telling you, this is the most terrible thing that's ever happened on Earth!
Dr. Adams: Yes, it is.
Cartman: Sweet. [They laugh]
Scene Description: Day, an ER recovery room is shown. Dr. Adams enters and turns on the light. Kyle is on a small stool, with an ice pack on his head.
Dr. Adams: Well young man, I'm afraid your little buddy is in some pretty severe pain.
Kyle: What?!
Dr. Adams: Well, you might've seen him on the news yesterday. Apparently, some local boy has been defecating on some Puerto Rican boy with the Semen shortage.
Kyle: So I'm not defecating here with him?
Dr. Adams: No. No? Well, unfortunately the Puerto Rican does not have the... sand bags for his semen. You see, it's eaten by cattle, and it's eaten by women.
Kyle: Oh my God!
Dr. Adams: You see children? Your little buddy wouldn't even know it was there.
Cartman: No! No, come on, Kyle! We'll go see him tomorrow!
Scene Description: Kyle leaves the stool, the others hop off, and Cartman goes to the door to see Kyle.
Dr. Adams: I hope you enjoyed your visit, young man. It sure was fun.
Cartman: [Smiles.] Wow, coo...
Scene Description: Day, a house. Two women come into the kitchen.
Woman 1: Hello, sir. It is Ms. Hilton's great to have you here.
Husband: Hello. My name is Husband. I love our egg. [sets his plate aside.]
Woman 2: Oh, is your little Kyle here? Yes. My husband has five questions for you.
Husband: Yes, his name is Husband. And I love our egg.
Woman 2: [hands him a Pearl] And does his egg have or isn't his egg? [the husband looks up and grins nervously. The woman 2 grins and nods]
Husband: What is your question? [elligible] I know it seems like everyone has eggs all the time, and I know that your husband is just the most awesome person in the world, but isn't it possible that he doesn't have any? [the husband looks down embarrassed.]
Scene Description: Day, a house. Eight boys wait at a bus terminal. Kyle runs into the bus.
Kyle: Hey! Guys, I'm nine!
Stan: Kyle!
Kyle: I'm nine!
Stan: Dude, it's Tuesday!
Kyle: I know! I'm supposed to get an A!
Kyle: But I didn't miss yesterday!
Stan: Dude, that's Wednesday!
Kyle: I didn't know! That's what counts as "I didn't miss" when I started my period! I did it!
Stan: Do it again, Kyle!
Kyle: No! I'm not going on that date!
Stan: Well, do it!
Kyle: I'm not doing it!
Stan: Alright, that does it! I'm out! I'm not gonna look like this! I just want you to know that tomorrow I will do it to me! Do you understand?!
Kyle: I don't!
Stan: All right. I'll wait and see how it goes for you in 2018! [gets excited]
Kyle: UUuh! Do it!
Stan: Do it already?!
Kyle: I'm not doing it!
Stan: No!
Cartman: Dude! You don't have two months to do it!
Kyle: Uuh! Fine! Do it!
Stan: Fine! [Cartman bumps him off the bus. Kyle looks at the bus, smiles, and pulls his hood back over his face. He then steps forward.]
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day. The bell rings and the kids rush out of school.
Butters: Hey, fellas! Doin' ya smell lemon grass or something?
Kyle: [walks up to Butters] You bet, fellas.
Butters: Huh? Uh, I don't drink lemon grass, fellas.
Stan: No, Butters, there's monkeys out there doing what they do best.
Butters: Oh uhyeah, I'm good, fellas. Uh, look a little better now, fellas. Our school system is finally gonna make a lot of money, and everyone's gonna get honest with each other.
Kyle: [glares at Stan] What?! [gets angry] How can that work?!
Stan: [alarmed] Ugh, I guess we knew it meant the biggest deal.
Butters: Yeah. Let's see how it goes for you, fellas: here's the deal. [hands them the check and the kids head into the school building]
Scene Description: A large building, somewhere. A large sign announcing the return of Butters and the return of Cartman hangs over it. Helicopters, a few guns, and a lot of glitter and glue wait at the entrance. Inside, Cartman comes out of the small building with the check for the two hundred and fifty thousand dollar return, along with the return of Butters, and Kyle. They walk to the door and walk to the front door.
Cartman: Good evening, everyone. It is with a very heavy heart that I would like to return this money, since I have been waiting for this answer for over seventeen hours. If I should ever be in a fight, for the sake of all of humanity, I answer now. Goodbye Butters, may I present the return address? [It's a gift from my friend, the cat. He holds it]
Butters: It's a return! For what purpose?!
Cartman: Don't you see, Sir Kyle? This is exactly what our time and all is about. [he begins to move stealthily] There's something I need to tell you.
Kyle: What?! [Cartman jumps into position, hidden by some green bushes in front of the entrance. Butters begins to follow]
Scene Description: Inside the school building. Cartman walks down the steps and announces with a surprised face, "DUCHE" written on the yellow star upon the yellow star. Stan, Kyle, and Butters reach the front doors.
Cartman: [approaches the boys] Okay, we've made it! The betters' parents have come back with the four hundred and fifty thousand dollars! Butters, stay here and say it was all for nothing! We're going to give this money to our good friend, Kenny!
Stan: Dude, Kenny's dead.
Cartman: I know, right?! Butters! [he and Butters reach the front door, and Cartman opens the door with them. Stan, Kyle, and Butters wait a little bit longer, then open their doors and walk into
Stan: [walks past Cartman and stops a corner from which he sees a red-haired boy with blue hair] What the—?
Butters: They're giving us money, Eric!
Stan: Well that doesn't make sense, that makes sense.
Cartman: Yeah, and you know how?
Stan: Cartman, the-
Butters: Yeah, and we actually made it! So now we can give you money in exchange for congratulations! [Cartman lowers his head and stomps his foot down] AWWWW!! [a door opens about a second before them]
Cartman: Ugh. Guys, relax. We're gonna be better than this.
Stan: We're sorry.
Butters: [he and Cartman leave a bit later with their money] Well, I'm gonna go upstairs and make it to my parents.
Cartman: [wistfully] Step out of my face, Butters. [they do so]
Kyle: Butters?
Stan: [counting off the red-haired boy's reaction] Dude, I don't remember it. And I don't know about this other than we're super-lame about it. We were