Scene Description: South Park Elementary, day, hallway. The bell rings. Mr. Garrison stands in front of his locker and raises his hand.
Mr. Garrison: [sighs] How was it, Mr. Hat?
Stan: Better this way, asshole. [they walk onto Mr. Mackey's desk]
Mr. Mackey: Ohh, m'kay? I mean, what school d'you have here, Garrison?
Stan: We're having a... debate, Mr. Mackey. There might be some students here who think the South Park flag should be changed. They have good reason to think that, if South Park would change its flag, it would make South Park more like… America.
PC Principal: No? [she looks at him for a few seconds, then looks back at him] I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm the principal.
Mr. Mackey: Yeah?
PC Principal: Well, I can't go around protesting our flag, m'kay? I'm gonna go around the school and try to set the flag on fire, m'kay?
Mr. Mackey: Uh, sure, okay.
PC Principal: Uh, okay, okay, my God, let's put the flag on fire. [takes off his jacket and throws them aside]
Mr. Mackey: Goddamnit, he's gonna kill me! [leaves his locker. The other kids follow.]
Scene Description: South Park Elementary, the school itself. The kids mill around in front of the fire pit. On either side of the main entrance a big family of them sit on the steps of the fire pit. Kyle's father sits up next to the man
Stan: [in the stands] Dad, I really don't want any trouble at all.
Husband: [standing in a row of peers] Uh you sure you'd like us to go over there and show some better things?
Stan: That's great! Now, who's the most important person to me tonight?
Husband: Just Stan, um I actually have a little problem with Cartman. It's his problem that I put his name up on this board so you know I'm not to touch his sensitive feelings anymore. [the others gather around and look at him] You get in trouble?! I'm gonna get you, Stan!
Kyle: Dad, can I talk to you for a minute?
Husband: Sure, hon, just need you to listen to me for a second about this new kid.
Stan: A heck of a long time for Kyle to mess around on that board, Dad! [rushes off]
Husband: You don't understand.
Bosse: No problem. You just have to leave.
Stan: Yeah, Dad. [he and his father look at each other]
Kyle: [somewhat angrily] Dad, I'm not gonna mess around in that board! That's the whole point!
Husband: Well, okay then. How do you... keep your head straight? Is that it, Kyle?
Kyle: Yes. Yes, sir.
Husband: Well, I'm sure you've got a way of getting it away from us.
Kyle: Yeah.
Porsche: No problem, dad! I've never felt so free to mess around in my life. [the older boy turns around] Wait a minute! I've been here since I was 8. I started brushing the hair off my face and touching my underwear. Then I stopped, thinking, "Why would I do that?" This is just too much fun for me and, and I think you should be ashamed of yourselves.
Kyle: I did brush it. I just couldn't stop thinking it! I can't even stop thinking and apologizing! [Stan is now sitting in the doorway reading a magazine.]
Stan: Kyle, I don't understand why you're doing this.
Kyle: I think maybe, just maybe, you can- [the father glances at him, then back at the boys] Oh geez, you're feeling really bad. I... I think that you've learned that being angry is okay. [he's looking at Cartman]
Cartman: You should be ashamed.
Kyle: No, it's not okay. I think it's just so, you know, kind of the way that God intended it to be. I think you should just not ever think that this is any different than saying "Well, what is this book about God?" [Cartman turns away sadly]
Cartman: I see, Kyle, when God gave you this big book just to be misunderstood, he meant that you should be kind of... afraid. And so he would-
Kyle: No dude, I'm not like this.
Scene Description: Outside, somewhere. Butters leads the boys to the fountain and sits on the edge. Kyle walks over to him
Kyle: Can I talk to you please?
Butters: Just please- [Butters sighs]
Scene Description: Outside, the Stotch residence. The doorbell rings. Butters heads out.
Butters: I'm over here!
Scene Description: Outside, in front of Stan's parents sitting at the dining room table.
Wendy: Oh, my goodness, what, what have we done?
Gerald: Stanley's right there.
Stotch: Yeah, well, let's just face it, Stanley, we got the book class today, so we're gonna need to change the structure of today's school.
Gerald: Really?
Scene Description: Butters' house, living room. Mr. Mackey pops in from the kitchen and turns while looking down at his dresser drawers.
Mr. Mackey: Hello, we've arranged for lunch once a week, m'kay... and we're going to add more books to the-? Yes, hello, there's something I think you should know is, my God, uh your school seems really slow-paced.
Stan: [enters] Uh, I guess our schedule is somewhat... stupid.
Mr. Mackey: M'kay, well, I'm afraid that um, it's quite a confusing week. So uh, if you could fill out the school calendar and--
Cartman: [pointing] How come you're never going to show up?
Stan: Butters, you said you would be here as soon as school started.
Cartman: What?? No way!
Scene Description: Stan makes his way down the steps to the principal's office. Stan finishes speaking before Cartman gets to him
Cartman: Okay, alright, I'm getting used to-
Pip: [in the principal's office, approaches the desk] Principal Victoria, you need to speak with the counselor.
Principal Victoria: Why?
Cartman: Well, I think that uh, maybe you should at least have a little talk with him.
Principal Victoria: [steps up to her desk] Principal Victoria, I'm afraid this is the nicest week I've ever felt.
Cartman: Yes, yes, please. M'kay. See? [pushes Strong Woman away from her and stands up]
Strong Woman: Stan, I need you to know that I don't think you can really communicate with Wendy, okay?
Cartman: Yes. Wendy is more than happy to help. I'm just, I'm just really scared for her. I mean, you're my best friend. So what?
Wendy: How come she hates you?
Cartman: She hates me. Because she thinks I'm ugly. She does that thing at her school. So she keeps her ugly face, her brown hair, her puff-ball eyes...
Kyle: Waitwaitwait.
Pip: Now, do you really think it's fair that Stan and Wendy go out with each other? If it's true,... that you just wanna be inseparable, then... no, that you have feelings for Stan and Wendy that don't--
Stan: [turns into a somber whisper]...Like that?
Pip:...Or--
Stan: Waitwait!
Wendy: You just wanna see me get back at her so you can have some fun and feel better about yourself?
Stan: Uuuh-right. Uh-wait, you're right!
Pip: Okay. Good luck, Wendy. [they walk after their friends]
Wendy: What do do now, Kyle?! [Kyle stops. She turns to follow them]
Stan: Cartman, you don't think everyone would be so mad at me because of how you look?
Kyle: Yeah, you're right dude. You know, just have a little fun and feel better about yourself.
Stan: Yeah.
Scene Description: Wendy's bedroom, moments later. Stan and Wendy are inside working on their project, a desk. Wendy sits on Cartman's bed eating cereal and eating from an open mouth.
Wendy:...and so I put our [reads her note] plan together, and it worked! I put together a shoe box design that could fit right in your mouth! [a knock is heard at her door to get it open]
Cartman: [enters with the box] W-what is it, Wendy?
Wendy: Oh. Oh, you're the new boy at school, aren't you? I was just thinking that maybe people would judge me for wearing a stupid white T-shirt today all the while. Now look, I was just saying that maybe Wendy crapped her pants today because she was thinking that maybe he wouldn't stop until he was at school. So I have to
Cartman: [looks at Wendy aghast] W-well, you just can't be that way, you're supposed to feel better.
Wendy: NO! It wasn't me!
Cartman: Wendy has to feel better, right? Like it's normal.
Wendy: I thought you said your shoes would fit right in your mouth, but then-
Cartman: [walks faster] Wait! What?
Wendy: [stands up] But you said people would judge your clothing so that you can just... look at it?
Cartman: I just couldn't help what you were trying to say to me, Wendy.
Wendy: Please, Eric. You don't understand.
Cartman: I was just trying to be like you, Wendy, but I couldn't, because I... I couldn't... I was feeling too badly.
Wendy: He can't look at anything, Eric.
Cartman: [puts his hand on her shoulder] You're right. I have to get an A, either. Because, by getting out of school, I'm gonna be like you. [walks off a bit]
Scene Description: