'Cause I'm Jewish. Ahalright, I understand. I will do anything for the love of Christ. [pulls out a box of candy and throws it on the ground. Kyle steps up, looks behind his back, then looks at Cartman. Cartman looks back at Kyle, then throws that box on the ground a few times] Alright, Kyle, thanks a lot. [turns back to the game] Yeah, and I'm gonna do my laundry tomorrow. See ya.
Scene Description: Colorado Supreme Court, day, exterior shot, then interior shot. Cartman is at the head of the high table while Stan, Kyle, and Butters stand behind him.
Cartman: You see guys, men, the last of the trolling happens on the Internet. It's happening all over the place. Don't you see it? This is exactly what the troll meant to say as an attack: That Jewish boys in Denmark are gonna have a bake sale and have sex with young women. Oh no, what the fuck?!
Kyle: Look, they're just saying the name "Jared," a-and referring to Jared Jared-
Cartman: Ohhh J-jared! Can't hear ya, fuckin' Jew?! Jared's real! Who the fuck do you think YOU are?! [Jared walks off in a huff]
Scene Description: J.J. Abrams studio, day. Jared stands before the camera in a hot tub with wine and several bottles of wine
Jared: Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I'm talkin' about the sexual harassment and trolling that some celebrities are finding against my vagina. Well, let me ask one thing. Why are you so upset? Why do you think it is acceptable?
Stan: I...
Jared: My vagina is a complete slut. You can't just sit there and give up on me! [turns away and calls the audience members] "Jared, our vagina is a little tickle!" All right, alright, I'm talkin' about the words. "Titty litter"! That word no longer means anything to me! And that's the worst possible thing you could say on a website for a magazine! "Jared, when you ride your Big Wheels, your crotch area becomes the butt crack!" Dammit, I don't know what to say.
Cartman: You are the biggest Internet troll I've ever seen!
Jared: Oh. Well, I should be getting out of here, okay? I need tampons. [walks up to a tumbler and pulls out a box that says "Anything you can carry, small. Add to the box, and you're satisfied with the results." He puts the box on his body and rides off.]
Stan: J-Jared, we have no money. Can we go on?
Jared: Oh, sure, why not?
Scene Description: The Marsh house, the living room. Randy sees Jared strumming his guitar on the couch. He begins to play softly in his bedroom
Randy: No, no...
Singer: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for meSo did you...
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:And me, and you
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for me
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:And me, and youLion cubicle,
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litter
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for me
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for me
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for me
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,Titty litter
Both:...you made your own clothesSubdued how much you made,Titty litterSsong:You got the clothes for me
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,
Randy Singers: poemSubdued how much you made,
Both:...you made your own clothes
Scene Description: Cartman's house, day. He's listening to music on the phone with his parents, and their moms.
Thomas: Mom, can we go to the mall? They're playing the Terrance & Phillip trailer. [his parents are distraught]
Carol: What? What are you gonna do with your clothes? I mean, how come your parents can't come?
Thomas: We could get them if we went.
Linda S.: Well, not this time.
Thomas: Look, it's just a starting point. We've gotta get to the mall before they rip on us. [he and his wife leave]
Craig: All right. Next week, you guys wanna watch Terrance & Phillip?
Cartman: Mom, you should probably go to the mall. I mean, come on. It's gonna be awesome.
Linda S.: Here you go, sweetie. [he and his mom head for the front door]
Cartman: Yeah, come on. [pushes the door open and enters the house, and his parents are shocked at what they see. All of them are naked and looking at them. One of them has his crotch between his butt cheeks, while the other has his right hand behind his ear]
Thomas: Mom, come quickly!
Linda S.: But what if we get out of town?
Thomas: How?
Linda S.: Oh, you're gonna have to take us to the mall.
The other residents: Awwwwwww.
Linda S.: But if we don't go, what then?
Thomas: This could be the end of Canada as we know it.
Scene Description: On the road to Ensenada
Cartman: Godspeed, man. This is gonna be hard to find. Everywhere I go people are buying stuff, and I almost never catch up to them. Well, let's try go again, and see what they've got to offer. Denny's off the air, man.
Scene Description: On a low mountain near Ensenada. Cartman and Butters stand next to the pack leader, who is making a call.
Cartman: Well hello, partner. I have some questions.
Pip: Yes, Bosley?
Cartman: Eh yes, Bosley, tell us what you see, man.
Pip: Bosley, what is your name?
Cartman: Bosley, the "Don't talk to the morose" guy. I've had it. I don't know what "Don't talk to the morose" means, you know? Well, no, listen: I'm afraid it's not really English.
Pip: Awwwell, the odds of that are pretty good.
Cartman: Well I'm a British person, then. [turns left and walks away.] Just give me some time to try and get across the border. [they walk past a rancher in a winter coat sipping ice cream]
Scene Description: Ensenada, outside. Cartman leads the pack
Cartman: We've got about two hours, see? Nothing. Hope you'll give me some time. And then perhaps I can make it back to Canada.
Scene Description: Outside. Pip stands there looking at him confused.
Cartman: And you're right, Pip. Maybe I can.
Scene Description: In a fishing strip, with a female scout working a line
Female scout: There you are. Just look behind you.
Pip: Yes, please. These are the places you TP'ed last night.
Female scout: Okaaay, yes, I got an idea. Why can't you TP' us next time?
Pip: Well who TP'ed that old campout? I, I think it's old.
Female scout: Why not give it up, then? And maybe I won't TP' at all again.
Pip: That sounds great! No! I'm afraid I can't. All I know is that the game is getting harder and I want to TP'ing. So I'd better be prepared.
Pip: Naturally. [they walk through the strip]
Scene Description: The Sava Docks attraction.
Cartman: Well there's Kyle here, you love him.
Kyle: Ike, hey.
Cartman: What do you think you're doing here?
Kyle: I'm having a really fun time.
Cartman: Oh yeah? Well what are you doing here, having fun with your new friend?
Kyle: I was just having fun with my new friend, and I don't know if he's playing with you right now.
Cartman: No, you were thinking of having fun with him. You're not playing with him because he's scared of you, is that it?
Kyle: Yes.
Cartman: Well then, why doesn't your pal Kenny play with Kenny?
Kyle: Well, because Kenny is such an awesome friend, I don't think it's the right way to put him on your bad side. And, so, why don't you put him on the team?
Cartman: We're both on the team, minding our own business, Kyle.
Kyle: Yeah.
Cartman: Well okay. Kyle's team, that's fine. But your friend Kenny could use some help here. That's fine.
Scene Description: Cartman's error-filled half-step, and Kyle steps forward.
Kyle: Do I get a team here?
Cartman: Not for you, Kenny.
Kyle: No, because you're building a clubhouse where you play soccer. What's your problem?
Cartman: Well your friend Kenny has a clubhouse where he has splashed all over the place.
Kyle: Dude, you built a clubhouse, and you're making it both your friend's hella clubhouse. [Kyle steps forward]
Cartman: What?!
Kyle: Now look, this is the first thing people will want to know about a clubhouse. A nice, clean slate. And you don't have to worry about getting your mom home.
Cartman: [thinks a moment]...Oh, I get it. [turns around and walks away] Now let's do it before I shove him up my ass.
Scene Description: Cartman's error-filled half-step, and Kyle steps forward.
Kyle: You think putting your mom on the team isn't in the club?
Cartman