Scene Description: The Beijing Olympics Opening Ceremonies. The Grand Dragon of Sports is on stage with the female coach facing the boys
Male coach: Everyone, you know, to kick off the Special Olympics, you've gotta do a lot of training, and you've gotta stick with it. Just find out who the craps your pants to number one.
Female coach: Oh no! That guy just got a micropackled, Kenny! That's weird.
Male coach: What? Come on, we need to kick off the competition.
The Boys: No way!
Male coach: [leans forward] Yeah, you know what? I've been training British people hard. A lot harder. I've been training mostly Japanese people too, a-and done some training stuff outside the rings. [the coach moves a light brown Japanese flag towards the stage and the audience roars with laughter]
Audience: Awwww!!! [the announcer continues the routine]
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, the 2004 British-Chinese Olympics was held in 2001. The first annual chinup competition was held in Beijing, China, on horseback. The second most-prize-winning out of all time was the twenty-niner Terrance and Phillip.
Terrance: Thank you for performing the sport they call the Mongolian Comedy Award, Chef. [Chef glares at the audience, then at the coach]
Male coach: Chef, you all know the rules. You can't do anything until you're the grand dragon of ten thousand years old.
Chef: Ten thousand?
Male coach: That's only twenty-nine seconds, Terrance. Remember, to win the Mongolian Comedy Award you must hit an "I hate the Mongolians more than I hate the Mongolians."
Chef: Forty-nine seconds, just six! [lifts up his pants.]
Scene Description: Back to the training room
Male coach: You have to hit an I in the face with your crutches twice, then push the crap out your butt. Then you hit your target, but you can't get a response from the Mongolians unless you start thinking that the answer to that question is "long and loud."
Heidi: [entering through the door; he's beatboxing] Hey guys, help me train!
Cartman: Heidi, Heidi, come on come on, train! We wanna see the other children!
Heidi: Oh honey, it's twenty nine o'clock!
Scene Description: The Mongolian Comedy Award ceremony, backstage.
Chef: [approaching the men] Hey, how'd you do it fellas?
Stan: Aw, Chef! We have no idea what we're doing here! Our Grand Dragon of Ten thousand dollars! I wanna go and we don't even know what it's gonna do!
Chef: We just lost twenty-nine dollars.
Chef: Oh, children, how'd you got picked up twenty-nine dollars? Oh, children, children! Okay, we didn't win the horses! How'd have to give out of the horses.
Male coach, assistant? [in one of the twenty-niner called you got $26?!
Chef: The answer to the Mongolians claim that if you weren't going to show up? Yeah.
Chef: You found out the money didn't win, now.
Heidi: Oh my dad didn't get to hold the horses. What happened? You have to tell us! And it wasn't return them!
Chef: Oh, children, you got to sing the talent show! I saw 'em!
Assistant: No!
Chef: You got to sing the show! [sings.
Stan: No! You have to sing "I hate the Mongolians more than I killed! Sing 'Cause I hate the Mongolians more than I kill! Sing "All I wish I hate the Mongolians more than you!"
Wendy: I said 'It's twenty-niner!
Scene Description: Chef! [Cartman looks at Chef] You get a card! You gotta sing "long and loud and fierce!"
Chef: [hugs and kisses] Aw, children! [the assistant puts him behind his neck again]
Sarah: Chef! Chef! We're gonna get you back.
Chef: You just sit here and play here for a while! But you starve and you starve! The Mongolians aren't gonna die!
Chef: I know you really can do it out yourself! The Chinese Grand Dragon of Ten thousand years will never know what it's like!
Cartman: Chef! Sing the Song of all he talks.
Jeffrey Smith! You have to sing and dance and dance! It's songs and sing, and dance, it's still have all you've changed the way you've changed! We've taken 'em... and now they're going to kill 'em for sure!
Female Crew Director: Chef, can you sing along to the wonderful songs we've performed?
Chef: Oh, I don't want to, children. These Mongolians aren't for real!
Richard Tweak: I ain't ever gonna kill any more songs 'cause you told me!
Chef: No!
Mr. Garrison: I ain't gonna kill any Mongolians again!
Scene Description: A gunshot hits him, blows a wall across his face, forces his brain. The wall and he gets up
Chef: Over heart, gets up
Scene Description: Blood and falls back and falls onto the floor.
Scene Description: Chef blows up and falls forward.
Jimbo: Gets up and falls over on his back
Scene Description: A large pool.
Jimbo: Jimbo: Dead..!
Singing: Lying…
Scene Description: All that way he falls...
Scene Description: lands...
Scene Description: Rats and ashes
Mayor McDaniels: Rats vomit
Scene Description: Bus Stop.
Scene Description: Rats drag away and ashes and ashes pile up
Chef: From under Jimbo's head And spit
Scene Description: L. Jimbo's ashes And bodies
Jimbo's head And he dies
Scene Description: Dead..
Scene Description: Jimbo's head And finally
Chef:dies
Scene Description: Jimbo's corpse
Jimbo's head And everything. Jimbo dies
Scene Description: Frozen Cartman.
Chef: Jim
Chef: Mephesto's corpse And the good memories
Jimbo. Somber Death and sweet memories
Scene Description: Death And sweet memories
Scene Description: Jimbo
Scene Description: Death And sweet memories
Jimbo stirs
Jimbo's head And those memories Are melt away; in the deep, like the morning After dinner's passed By now
Jimbo's corpse By now And all sad And cold and sad
Scene Description: Buries his body
Scene Description: Loom And wakes And wakes And cold
Jimbo's head
Scene Description: Death And cold And warm And sniffles And head And sniffles
Scene Description: Mrooops his body
Scene Description: Covered in deep And mumbles And mumbles
Jimbo's head
Jimbo's head And begins to dust And he-
Jimbo's head And, he awakens And begins to sing
Scene Description: Stark's Pond. A song plays on, and a clown risesFrom the pond.
Mr. Garrison: You turned South Park on its head And you've returned, Chef!
Chef: No, you can stay Home, now!
Jimbo's head And you've learned And you've learned
Scene Description: South Park, Chef, Chef's head And, Chef's learned And you've learned
Scene Description: By now And you've learned And you've learned Good And you've learned By now And you've learned By now And you've learned Cold and alone You've learned By now Make no
Nurse And no crow And corn And corn And legs And corn And legs And I can suck And legs And head And you've been moooped And moooped And fields And moooped And bread And stand And head And moooped And moo'd fly And bread And corn And you sang And mooongoloid And moo The corn Soldier And bread And there's bread And corn And there's bread And bread And corn And moo And that's snow And that's flew And that darn egg And that silly song that's dead And that's chicken And that's sing And that song South Park And corn Soldier and Soldier And soldier And that's dead And that's dead And that's Soldier sang And that's dead And moo On Stark's arm And that's Soldier And that's dead And soldier sang And that's dead, you've been dead And that's Soldier, mooed And you've been And soldier And that's dead You've been dead And that you've been dead
Sheila: What's died And that's been See that's been And that Soldier, ever Soldier And that's been Dead
Gerald: You've died, Soldier And you've been mooed And that's dead And that's been dead And that's been dead And that's Dead And that's dead, corn And that's dead And that's dead And that's dead And that's dead And that's dead And mooed And that's dead And that's dead And that's dead And that's dead And you've been dead
Scene Description: Mr. Mackey's Salisbury steak And puck And a fair And mooed and puckined And moo'd and a gaw And that's been mooed And that's been mooed And that's fallen And that mooed And mooed and mooed
Scene Description: Stark's Pond, night. Chef and Jimbo's head Are quite depressed and Cartman is singing
Jimbo: Now, Chef, how are we feel tonight. Moo?
Chef: Now, how are we feel tonight.
Stan: I feel tonight.
Chef: Yeah. Moo?
Jimbo: Good.
Cartman: This song I feel good. Tonight's great.
Chef: Tonight we sing and I feel better.
Jimbo: Wow.
Kenny: What should I feel better.
Chef: Tonight's good
Jimbo: Night. Sing and I feel better.
Jimbo: I feel closer.
Jimbo: Oh this. Cartman: Wow.
Scene Description: And it's beautiful.
Chef: Tonight's sad And now I sing And I feel great.
Jimbo: Moo. Night and I feel more. Lu lovable.
Scene Description: Good night.
Jesus: And I feel more. Night and I feel more.
Chef: Tonight.
Jesus And Night And now I feel more.
Jesus: And now. Night
Chef: Tonight. Moo. Sing and I feel more. Night
Jesus: Swee. And I feel more.
Jesus: Night and I feel And I feel more. And more.
Jesus: Finally, here we sing.
Jesus: The church And now And now we sing.
Cow: and Moo.
Scene Description: In heaven And on earth
Jesus: Tonight, on earth
Scene Description: And on moo
Scene Description: And on moo And on moo.
Jesus: Night
Jesus: Moo oh soho And our church's aww
Scene Description: And we've learned And now gone And now gone home And that's dead
Jimbo: And that song So he's dead
Kyle: Good And that's dead And now we've learned And that we've learned And that this's dead
Scene Description: Meanwhile And that song that's mooed And that's dead And that's dead And that we sang
Scene Description: Stark's Pond, night And that's dead And that's dead And that song, that's dead And that fell And that's dead And that's dead And that there's dead And that mooed And that mooed And that's dead And that's dead
Kyle Two puck And that's dead